come on come on we've got lots of
murdering to do what is going on my
combination i'm your host jaber and
today we're gonna be talking about one
woman might be you know the movie after
batman vs superman superman vs batman
whatever they call it and you know
there's been rumors already well pretty
much it's going to happen they have 11
movies in the works and i feel that one
woman is going to be you know one of
them of course Shazam and there's all of
these other ones I'm really hoping for
even a Justice League dark that would
just be really cool but more likely
won't happen just because we got
constancy on the TV show already but you
know what gal gadot I feel that you know
everybody doubted her and I think we all
need to just wait and see like at least
a trailer to give our final thoughts if
she's gonna be like in the trailer we
had just just see can she be one woman
and you know if she's a very good one
woman then I feel that we are gonna get
a movie of it and I'm really excited to
see what they do with it and you know
with the villains she has she has amount
of great villains you know I'm not gonna
say I read a lot of Wonder Woman comics
but I'm aware of like certain of one
woman villains and you know my most
favorite one of course is Aries and that
will make a really good story line
because they can go any route with that
they can't even change it up as well you
know all I'm hoping is that anytime they
do movies like these like these DC
movies I really do hope they get like
great writers such as Geoff Geoff Johns
Scott Snyder those type of writers I
want on like on like on the set so they
could just give it a little bit input
you know it just it's good to get other
input than just yours because you know
like that the only thing I have like you
know a thing for like Zack Snyder that
it pisses me off he does kind of like
don't explain things to the people and
he feels like he doesn't need to because
he feels like majority everybody's like
you know a comic guy or comic girl and
they know what the the whole mythology
is but a lot of people go in not knowing
what they're doing and you know
hopefully with like you know who ever
directs like the next one woman will be
maybe like the person that is directing
the you know the the new 300 can do it
always does sex and I would be the
perfect one to do it just because he did
the 300 thing and I would just that
always reminds me of like a wonderful
universe but yeah guys if you guys had a
chance to put one villain from one woman
to be in the first one who would it be
leave a comment below and let me know
but thank you gift for watching guys I'm
jira and I just hit you what I want to
punch